distrobox: add & refresh page (#9143)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/distrobox-host-exec.md

# distrobox-host-exec

> Execute a command on host while inside a distrobox container.

> > Subcommand of `distrobox`. More about distrobox: `tldr distrobox`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Subcommand of `distrobox`. See also: `tldr distrobox`.
```

> > More information: <https://github.com/89luca89/distrobox/blob/main/docs/usage/distrobox-host-exec.md>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://distrobox.privatedns.org/usage/distrobox-host-exec.html>.
```

> - Execute command on the host system, while inside of a container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute command on the host system from inside the container:
```

> `distrobox-host-exec {{command}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`distrobox-host-exec "{{command}}"`
```

Optional fix: command placeholder can be quoted if it can consist of multiple terms.

> - Execute `ls` command on the host system, while inside of a container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute the `ls` command on the host system from inside the container:
```
